# Usage Instructions
Below are some tools for auxiliary operations. Here is their file structure:

    tools
    ├─── for_kitti
    │    ├─── filter_score_car.py
    │    ├─── filter_score_ped_cyl.py
    │    ├─── merge_car_ped_cyl_txt.py
    │    ├─── merge_car_ped_cyl_txt_for_submit.py
    │    └─── move_file.py
    └─── for_waymo_kitti
         ├─── grep_car_to_txt.sh
         ├─── grep_pedestrian_cyclist_to_txt.sh
         └─── read_and_tanh_scores.py
## 1. `for_kitti`
The tools in this directory are designed to post-process the `txt` files generated by `run_for_kitti.py`. They assist in producing the final files for submission to the KITTI official website.

### 1.1 `merge_car_ped_cyl_txt_for_submit.py`
After running `run_for_kitti.py`, you'll have two directories of `txt` files containing the final predictions for cars or pedestrians & cyclists, respectively. To submit these files to the KITTI website, they must be merged into a single directory. Run `merge_car_ped_cyl_txt_for_submit.py` to accomplish this.

Before executing this script, modify `folder1_path`, `folder2_path`, and `output_folder_path` in its `main` part to match your actual paths.

### 1.2 Visualization
To visualize the prediction results:

1. Filter out objects with scores above a certain threshold:
```bash
filter_score_car.py
```
```bash
filter_score_ped_cyl.py
```
Before running, adjust `input_folder`, `output_folder`, and the score thresholds on line:column `9:93` in these scripts.

2. `merge_car_ped_cyl_txt.py`
Execute this script to merge the filtered files into a single directory of `txt` files. Unlike `merge_car_ped_cyl_txt_for_submit.py`, this script retains the score values.

3. visualize Using Some Tools
Visualize the `txt` files similarly to how KITTI's labeled data is visualized. Various tools are available for this purpose, including KITTI's own MATLAB tools.

## 2. `for_waymo_kitti`
### 2.1 `.sh`
These bash scripts extract WOD's `ImageSets` files that contain specific objects. The resulting files are already located in `splits/waymo_kitti/include_objects`.
### 2.2 `read_and_tanh_scores.py`
Converter the scores into the range [0,1] with `tanh`. For detailed usage, refer to [here](../README.md) > “Submission”.